Metcalfes-RSI is a terminal-based crypto monitoring tool that displays real-time metrics without clearing previous outputs. The script calculates Bitcoin's Metcalfe's law ratio (CurrentMarketCap/(DailyActiveAddresses)²) and RSI values for Bitcoin and Ethereum using data from Dune Analytics and CoinAPI.io. The expanded NVM-Ratio.py adds Network Value to Metcalfe Ratio calculation (ln(CurrentMarketCap)/ln(DailyActiveAddresses²)), which helps identify potential over/undervaluation. This project represents the first step in a larger effort to consolidate preferred market metrics and trading indicators into simple, accessible scripts. https://github.com/HarryLass/Crypto_Alpha_Projects/blob/main/Metcalfes_NVM_ratios/Metcalfes_NVM.md

Risk-and-Returns-metrics.py is a Python script that analyzes market data and calculates key financial metrics for a handpicked group of cryptocurrencies (​​BTC, ETH, AAVE, ADA, CRV, DOGE, HBAR, SOL, SHIB, SUI, TON, XRP). This script automates the process of fetching historical price data from CoinAPI and calculates comprehensive risk and performance analytics across multiple time frequencies. This script processes Open, High, Low, Close, and Volume (OHLCV) data for the selected assets and presents the insights via a console dashboard as well as an Excel report. Segmented into daily, weekly, and monthly intervals, the metrics enable a detailed analysis on the performance of each cryptocurrency against Bitcoin. 

Please check https://github.com/HarryLass/Crypto_Alpha_Projects/blob/main/Risk_Returns/Risk-and-Returns.md for full documentation of this script. 


